Guide revamp [WIP] (#76)
Garlic-Team/GCommands: guide/guide/setup.md

| caseSensitiveCommands | ❌       | If set to true, command names will be case sensitive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| caseSensitivePrefixes | ❌       | If set to true, prefixes will be case sensitive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| unkownCommandMessage  | ❌       | If set to true, the bot will respond with an error message if a command the user tried to use doesn't exist                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | language              | ✅       | The language the bot sends default messages in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: If this is supposed to mean `the default language the bot uses`, I'd change it to
```suggestion
| language              | ✅       | The default language used to send messages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

```
Otherwise if there are some `default messages`, then it's probably correct?

| commands.slash        | ✅       | If set to true, the bot will only register slash commands. If set to false, the bot will only register message commands. If set to both, the bot will register both                                                                                                                                    |

> | commands.context      | ✅       | If set to user, the bot will register user context commands. If set to false, the bot will only register message commands. If set to message, the bot will register message context commands. If set to false, the bot will only register message commands. If set to both, the bot will register both |

Reviewer: You have `If set to false` twice
```suggestion
| commands.context      | ✅       | If set to user, the bot will register user context commands. If set to false, the bot will only register message commands. If set to message, the bot will register message context commands. If set to both, the bot will register both |

```

## Installing Node.js

Don't have Node.js yet? Go to [NodeJS.org](https://nodejs.org) and install it!
Don't have an editor? Check out [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com).

### Installing on Windows

If you have a Windows OS, it's as simple as installing any other program. Go to the [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org), download the latest version, open the download file, and follow the steps in the installer.

### Installing on macOS

If you have macOS, you have a two options. You can:

- go to the [Node.js website](https://nodejs.org), download the latest version, open the download file, and follow the steps in the installer.
- use a package manager like [Homebrew](https://brew.sh)

### Installing on Linux

If you have a Linux OS, you should go to [this page](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/), to determine how to install Node.

::: warning
Make sure you upgrade to the needed Node.js version for discord.js.

- **discord.js@12** requires `NodeJS@12+`
- **discord.js@13** requires `NodeJS@16+`
  :::

## Installing GCommands

Use `npm i gcommands` to download the latest stable version.  
Use `npm i gcommands@dev` to install the dev version.

::: tip

> You can also install the experimental version of GCommands on our github → `npm i github:Garlic-Team/GCommands#dev`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also install the experimental version of GCommands on our github → `npm i gcommands@dev`
```

:::

> ::: danger
> You need to import GCommands before importing discord.js
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

remove it 👍
